Summary of commands:
OCR Service: cd update_for_ocr then uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8085
Backend API: cd apps/api then npm run dev
Frontend UI: cd elysian-health-ui-main then npm run dev
Open your browser to http://localhost:8081 once they are all


Here are the step-by-step instructions to run the Android app on your physical Android phone directly from Android Studio:

Step 1: Enable Developer Options on Your Phone
On your Android phone, go to Settings > About phone.
Find the Build number (sometimes located under "Software information").
Tap Build number 7 times rapidly until you see a message saying "You are now a developer!".
Step 2: Enable USB Debugging
Go back to the main Settings menu and look for Developer options (usually at the very bottom, or under "System").
Scroll down to the "Debugging" section and turn on USB debugging.
Step 3: Connect Your Phone
Connect your phone to your computer using a USB cable.
A prompt should appear on your phone asking to "Allow USB debugging?". Check "Always allow from this computer" and tap Allow.
Step 4: Run the App from Android Studio
In Android Studio (which we just opened earlier), look at the top toolbar. You should see a dropdown menu that currently says something like "Pixel API..." or "No Devices".
Click that dropdown. Your physical phone (e.g., "Samsung SM-G998U" or something similar) should now appear in the list. Select it.
Click the green Play button (▶) next to the device dropdown to run the app.
Android Studio will build the app and install it directly onto your phone. The app will launch automatically on your screen once it's done!
Alternative: Build an APK File (to send to others)
If you just want an .apk file that you can install like a regular Android app download:

In Android Studio, go to the top menu and select Build > Build Bundle(s) / APK(s) > Build APK(s).
Wait for the build to finish. A popup will appear in the bottom right corner—click locate to find your app-debug.apk file.
Transfer this .apk file to your phone (via Google Drive, email, or USB) and tap it on your phone to install it.


''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

I have created a comprehensive step-by-step master guide for you on exactly how to start and run the MediScan platform!

I saved this to a special file called a "Workflow". Since you use this Chat Assistant often, you can now run this entire sequence automatically just by typing: 👉 /run-mediscan

If you ever want to read the raw steps yourself or do it manually, I saved the file to your project: 

c:\Users\faarh\Desktop\Antigravity_mediscan_prompt1.agents\workflows\run-mediscan.md
.

It includes:

Identifying your computer's local Wi-Fi IP address.
Code instructions to tie the Android app's 

api.ts
 directly to your computer.
Steps to boot the FastAPI Python OCR server.
Steps to boot the Node.js API database backend.
Steps to trigger the Vite React website.
The terminal commands to sync the web code inside the native Android folder, build it, and launch Android Studio with your specific 

C:\Program Files\Android\Android Studio1\bin\studio64.exe
 path included so it doesn't crash.
Let me know if you would like me to test running that new command for you!

